and i will not be bullied by that
welcome to screen crush i'm ryan airy
loki is about to star in his own disney
plush show
the character has been causing mischief
in the mcu for 10 years which is crazy
when you think about how much our lives
have changed since then
in case you need a refresher or would
just like a trip down memory lane here's
everything that you need to know before
watching loki
so long time ago way out in deep space
there was a race of super attractive
aliens who lived on a planet called
asgard
well not really a planet more like a
city that floats in space
that thing does not obey the laws of
physics at all as guardians are very
strong
and live for thousands of years so over
the years as they travel to earth
the humans mistake them for gods this is
how the ancient norwegians developed
their norse mythology these asgardians
are able to travel to other planets with
a teleportation device they call the
bifrost
asgard's king odin uses this device to
brutally subjugate eight other planets
which he calls realms to help him with
this conquest he hires the dwarves of
nen of a leader to forge a powerful
hammer called mjolnir
then he gives this hammer to his oldest
daughter hella and hella
loves killing she freaking loves it
she's got a little bit too much of her
dad in her
in fact hella is so bloodthirsty that
she makes odin reconsider his
warmongering ways
and decides to make peace with the other
eight realms hella doesn't like this and
she leads a rebellion against her dad
she slaughters the asgardian warriors
called the valkyries and odin eventually
manages to imprison her
somewhere over time people forgot about
hella and how much of a bastard that
odin used
to be as he leads asgard into a new era
of peace
then about 1500 years ago the earth was
invaded by aliens called frost giants
from planet jodenheim
they attempted to freeze the earth with
a magic box called the cask of
winters but odin and an army of
super-powered aliens stopped them
in the process odin lost an eye but
gained wisdom he discovered that the
real frost giants are the friends we
make along the way
[Music]
afterwards the norwegians worshiped odin
and the other asgardians as
gods the king of the frost giants lofi
was ashamed of his son because he was
born very small
all dwarves are busters in their
father's eyes lofi puts his infant son
on a rock to die
where he was found by odin odin's all
like hey free baby
but then he also has an idea if he
raises laffy's son to be a prince of
asgard then maybe
this could be a way to forge a lasting
peace between these two kingdoms
so he names this child loki and raises
him alongside his oldest son
thor but he decides to not tell him that
he's
really a shrimpy frost giant now thor is
totally a gryffindor he's brave
he's a little dense and loves to smashy
smashy stuff i'll hunt the monsters down
and slay them all
whereas loki is a little more bookish
and clever he's more of a ravenclaw
that's right loki is a ravenclaw and not
a slytherin and i'll go to the mat on
that
loki doesn't really fit in with the
asgardian bro squad so his mother
friega looks after him and teaches them
how to perform tricks
that's not my trick michael
it's my illusion so on earth humans
worship thor as the god of thunder
i still don't think you're the god of
thunder what you ought to be
while loki is known as a trickster god
thor has given mjolnir and is extolled
as the heir of asgard
while loki is treated like this
odin decides to coordinate thor as
asgard's new king so he can
retire i guess or maybe do a sleepy
thing that we'll talk about later
do you swear to cast aside all
selfish ambition and to pledge yourself
only
to the good of the road i swear but
thor's norse mitzvah is ruined when the
frost giants sneak into asgard and try
to retake the cask of winters
afterwards thor is all upset that they
ruin his big day and he wants revenge
i have waited my entire life for this
odin's all like don't go killing frost
giants we have to maintain the peace and
thor
is like okay i guess this sucks but then
loki puts a little bug in his ear if
they found a way to penetrate asgard's
defenses once
who's to say they won't try again so
loki thor and the other space jocks
right off to yodenheim
and they're gonna burn it down
during the fight loki notices that he's
immune to the touch of the frost giants
thor almost kicks off a war until odin
shows up on an eight-legged horse to
enforce the piece
these are the actions of a boy treat
them as such
because when anthony hopkins shows up on
an eight-legged horse you listen to what
he has to say
afterwards odin is wicked upset that his
son behaves so much like hella so he
takes away his hammer his armor
and his powers but he leaves him a
teensy loophole to regain his stuff
whosoever holds this hammer if he'd be
worthy
she'll possess the power of thor it's
like if your mom threw out all your toys
because you didn't clean your room but
then she whispered to the toys
hey if he's worthy then he can have all
his toys back afterwards loki confronts
odin about his true heritage and we get
to watch these two
english actors go to work for a living
tell me
loki yells so hard that odin slips into
the odin's sleep and no
this isn't like when your uncle fakes a
heart attack to keep you from winning an
argument at thanksgiving going on
he's faking it basically the odin sleep
is a deep coma that lets odin live
a long time this is not to be confused
with an even deeper slumber
the doggy sleep
afterwards loki becomes king of asgard
and thor's buddies begin to suspect that
maybe the god of mischief could be
causing mischief and yeah it turns out
that he did actually let the frost
giants into asgard that was just a bit
of fun really
to ruin my brother's big day
back on earth thor has discovered that
he's now unworthy to lift his hammer
after he's arrested loki appears to tell
him father is dead
because thor's a big dumb idiot and loki
wants to keep him out of asgard before
he causes more trouble
so thor goes on a humble quest flirts
with mortals washes dishes and becomes a
more humble person the worst jock
buddies go to earth to tell thor the
truth about odin
this is in defiance of the orders of
their king loki so he sends a giant
robot called the destroyer to kill them
and thor
this backfires as thor self-sacrificed
to the destroyer proves his worthiness
and he regains his powers back on asgard
loki has allowed the frost giants into
the palace to kill odin or so he led
them to believe
then he turns heel on his birth dad and
your death came by the son of odin
turns out loki's master plan is to do
what thor never could commit genocide
against the frost giants his plan is to
leave the bifrost running and destroy
their planet
all because his daddy didn't hug him
enough when they were kids
thor returns fights loki and destroys
the bifrost severing his ties to earth
at the last minute odin awakens to save
thor and loki i should have done it
for you no loki
now this really bums loki out and so he
pulls a doctor richard kimball
i didn't kill my wife r.i.p loki
actually loki who did not die is now
looking for revenge against thor
he wants to conquer earth the planet
where thor drank some bruise and fell in
love with natalie portman
i never said i was a role model he finds
a way to influence the mind of thor's
earth friend eric selvik who's working
for shield
nick fury shows selvik the tesseract
which is secretly an infinity stone
these are six space rocks that were
formed in the big bang and each embody a
different aspect of the universe
out in space a half genocidal alien
named thanos is trying to gather the
infinity stones so he can destroy half
of all life in the universe
why is he doing that because there's not
enough natural resources
then why not use the stones to make more
resources doug i don't know he's a
villain the logic is flawed thanos
decides to send loki to earth so he can
get the tesseract for him
to help him he gives him a mind control
scepter which is secretly the mind
infinity stone
why did thanos give him an infinity
stone if he is trying to get more
infinity stones
so loki piggybacks on the tesseract to
arrive on earth he uses the mind control
sector to control government agents and
scientists into doing his bidding
they're building a device that can bring
an entire alien army to earth
but the superheroes show up capture loki
and then thor shows up and they have a
poorly lit heart to heart
i thought you did dizzy moon
afterwards loki is locked up but he
still uses the scepter's influence to
make the superheroes fight
this backfires classic loki and the
heroes band together to stop him
they fight off his army while loki has a
meat cute with the hulk
i am a god the avengers defeat the
aliens and arrest loki so thor can take
him and the tesseract back to asgard in
the lobby of stark tower the heroes get
an
argument with alexander pierce who's
secretly the head of a nazi science call
long story i'm gonna have to ask you to
turn that prisoner over to me
but then a time traveling hero from the
future named ant-man
gives tony stark a heart attack
ant-man is trying to steal the tesseract
so he and tony stark from the future can
return to their own
time and stop thanos who in their
timeline succeeded in snapping away half
the universe
loki takes advantage of this confusion
to steal the tesseract and disappear
[Music]
but here's the thing the avengers travel
through time to borrow different
infinity stones which creates different
timelines
but then captain america goes back and
returns the stones to set the time
stream right
grip all the branches but loki still has
the tesseract
meaning that he has created an alternate
timeline
so he is no longer the real loki he's a
variant loki a man outside time
who is ready to wreak havoc on the
multiverse well that's everything you
need to know before watching loki let me
know your favorite loki quote down in
the comments below or add me on twitter
and if it's your first time here please
subscribe for screen crush
i'm ryan airy
[Music]
you